avalon:7437	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4563	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4372	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:874	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3830	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3764	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4833	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3833	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3803	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6158	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7054	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4539	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:852	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:1334	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:3812	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6182	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4453	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:807	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4553	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:866	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4545	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4431	Streaming rights in perpetuity to THE LINGUISTS on a university, password-protected server	use and reproduction
avalon:1430	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:1392	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:4597	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1636	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:856	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6629	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6967	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7524	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4451	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1327	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:4543	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:845	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6462	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7172	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3779	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:864	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:805	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6105	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4501	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3788	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3785	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4517	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7124	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:837	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3767	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4535	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1351	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:6859	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4571	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4583	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1436	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:1624	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:7385	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6441	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6485	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4653	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4481	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4655	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4623	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:835	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7099	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1358	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:1434	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:4593	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4499	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:803	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3344	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6388	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6143	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3824	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4579	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3750	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3348	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6716	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3364	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3753	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7492	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4603	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4380	Attribution-ShareAlike_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7064	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6362	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4527	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7592	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4643	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6299	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3821	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4384	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:1426	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:4521	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1632	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:6538	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3770	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6945	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4473	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6006	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7700	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7034	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6212	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4633	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4549	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4469	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6287	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4461	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7070	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3350	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3352	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4611	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4635	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1630	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:6530	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6568	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3791	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4531	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6126	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4503	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1367	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:6660	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6681	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:862	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7116	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7136	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7652	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7279	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7414	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7001	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4577	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6768	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4479	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6930	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7461	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:801	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3806	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4495	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:840	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7504	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7322	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1409	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:5902	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6592	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6080	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4271	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4352	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4661	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7399	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3776	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7513	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4455	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4524	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6639	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7353	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3358	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7290	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7552	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7144	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6052	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:868	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3815	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7571	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7025	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3346	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:1626	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:3744	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4647	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6875	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4463	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4631	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4483	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4537	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6848	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1628	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:3800	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3782	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6579	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3839	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4475	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4569	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1376	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:7712	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4283	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4639	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7531	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6705	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4627	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1383	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:6916	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6772	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1342	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:6093	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6801	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4659	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1428	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:7261	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4487	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6522	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6448	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6619	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:799	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:5951	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7472	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6086	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6549	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4285	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:5998	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4263	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4489	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1400	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:5976	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4589	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7758	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4541	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6192	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3827	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:1421	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:3842	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:858	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:877	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6065	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:830	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4477	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3794	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6205	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:809	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4491	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3797	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4629	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4467	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4509	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4267	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:5986	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7081	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3761	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4615	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6514	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4613	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6793	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6306	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6730	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7160	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:823	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4605	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4637	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4529	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4625	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4557	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4273	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6173	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7248	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4277	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4376	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4386	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4561	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6418	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7334	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7368	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1432	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:7446	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4601	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4269	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4287	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4512	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:843	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4459	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:821	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4507	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6900	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3362	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6245	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:872	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3741	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6319	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6646	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6022	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3747	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4505	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6326	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6693	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:797	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4471	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4555	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6750	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4465	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1424	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:4457	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4567	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7729	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4591	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6423	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4599	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4551	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1634	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:7241	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3354	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4449	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:870	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3356	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:6398	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4547	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1417	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:7203	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6622	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4565	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7222	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6479	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1406	Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International	use and reproduction
avalon:4607	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6833	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4485	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4641	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6257	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:813	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7681	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4573	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6616	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:860	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:850	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:811	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4533	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6810	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:827	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:825	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4349	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3773	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4585	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6270	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6815	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:6987	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:4609	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:848	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4382	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7741	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:7267	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:1638	Creative Commons Attribution-Non-Commercial-No Derivatives 3.0 Unported	use and reproduction
avalon:6470	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3756	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4281	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4619	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:833	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4649	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:854	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4275	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7613	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:3836	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4279	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4265	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3818	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:815	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3360	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4378	Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:7305	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	use and reproduction
avalon:818	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:4374	Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:3809	Attribution_4.0_International	use and reproduction
avalon:1092	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4595	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1059	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:9710	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:404	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1334	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:288	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:382	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1194	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:1198	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:284	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4431	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:5452	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1430	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1065	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1005	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1392	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:340	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1207	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:372	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1187	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1327	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:332	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4184	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:999	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1026	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1165	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:789	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:286	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1044	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1068	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:412	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:386	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1086	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:310	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1047	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:402	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:280	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:364	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1351	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1023	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1029	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:420	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:366	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1129	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4583	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1436	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:996	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:5328	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:4653	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:696	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:354	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1021	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1358	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1434	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4499	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:652	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:3344	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1074	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4579	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:3348	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:748	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:388	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3364	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:390	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:294	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1116	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1426	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:350	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:400	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4085	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1101	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4424	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1110	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:316	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:342	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1095	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4469	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:346	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3350	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3352	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1107	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4503	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1367	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:394	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:682	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:1070	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:306	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1038	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1137	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:1035	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:376	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1409	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:368	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3985	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:4024	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:987	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4112	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1077	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4367	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1002	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:990	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:9726	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:9678	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:392	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3358	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1124	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1274	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:308	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:688	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:416	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3346	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:370	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1158	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:380	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:282	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1145	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1163	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:984	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:384	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1179	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1272	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4413	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:9720	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:314	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:9696	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1376	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1119	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4657	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:4639	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:4444	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:398	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1154	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:742	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1383	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:302	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:993	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1342	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1050	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1288	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:338	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4659	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:328	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4497	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1428	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1083	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4429	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:300	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1089	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4489	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1400	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1421	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1156	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:296	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4160	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:292	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4134	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:312	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:344	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4509	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1132	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:408	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:362	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:414	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1224	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:675	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:1098	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1014	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:358	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1041	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:396	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1432	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4439	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:1234	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:322	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4493	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:352	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:374	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1113	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1011	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1080	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4053	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:304	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3315	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:3362	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:979	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:298	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4167	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:797	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:378	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:326	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1056	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:324	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1424	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:406	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:422	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4551	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:360	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1104	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:666	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:3354	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1018	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:3356	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1417	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1062	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:418	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:278	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1406	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1053	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1219	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:276	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4246	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:671	Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs_4.0_International	license
avalon:4201	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1293	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:320	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4097	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1126	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1276	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:336	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1204	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:4038	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:1008	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:318	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:410	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1229	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:982	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:4073	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	license
avalon:4255	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:290	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:975	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:1031	Attribution-NonCommercial_4.0_International	license
avalon:356	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:1236	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:3360	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:348	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:334	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:330	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:654	Attribution_4.0_International	license
avalon:4595	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	rights
avalon:4431	Streaming rights in perpetuity to THE LINGUISTS on a university, password-protected server	rights
avalon:5452	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4184	Custom text	rights
avalon:1165	Do not copy or share any parts of the presentation without the author's permission	rights
avalon:4583	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:5328	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	rights
avalon:4653	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4499	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4579	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:748	University of Alberta Libraries use.	rights
avalon:4085	Custom text	rights
avalon:4424	This video is for educational and research purposes only. For public viewings contact Bailey and Soda Films - http://www.baileyandsoda.com/	rights
avalon:4469	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4503	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:3985	 Classroom screening, student group screening, and library loan to students, faculty, and staff  Public performance rights (PPR) for on-campus screenings, including those open to the general public, and university-affiliated off-campus screenings, provided they are free of cha ...	rights
avalon:4024	Custom text	rights
avalon:4112	Custom text	rights
avalon:4367	EMPATHYWORKS FILMS in the person of Brian McDermott, owner of all rights related to the film WE ARE ALL RELATED HERE (hereinafter THE PRODUCT) grants license rights to each purchaser from EMPATHYWORKS FILMS (hereinafter PURCHASER INSTITUTION) of a MASTER FILE containing THE PRODUCT sufficient for use solely by PURCHASER INSTITUTION in connection with activities directed towards education, training or related use within said institution. Such stated rights shall extend to all schools, colleges, l ...	rights
avalon:1163	do not copy or distribute any parts of the presentation without	rights
avalon:4413	All rights reserved. No part of this recording may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including screen/audio capture, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods	rights
avalon:4657	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	rights
avalon:4639	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4444	The film is allowed on your streaming site as it is only for users associated with the University of Alberta (single site).	rights
avalon:742	University of Alberta Libraries use.	rights
avalon:4659	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4497	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	rights
avalon:4429	This video is for educational and research purposes only. For public viewings contact Bailey and Soda Films - http://www.baileyandsoda.com/	rights
avalon:4489	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4160	Custom text	rights
avalon:4134	Custom text	rights
avalon:4509	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4493	User_Defined_Rights_Statement	rights
avalon:4053	Custom text	rights
avalon:3315	University of Alberta Libraries perpetual license. Purchased 2017-04-10 from Outcast films.	rights
avalon:4167	Custom text	rights
avalon:4551	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	rights
avalon:4246	For research and education use only.	rights
avalon:4201	Custom text	rights
avalon:1293	University of Alberta perpetual license purchased spring 2017.	rights
avalon:4097	Custom text	rights
avalon:1204	University of Alberta Libraries  5-year digital site license with Pigeon Projects. Expires 2022-02-27.	rights
avalon:4038	Custom Text	rights
avalon:1229	5-year license with V Tape (vtape.org) commencing 2017-03-01. License expires 2022-03-01.	rights
avalon:4073	Custom text	rights
avalon:1204	Access restricted to authorized users and institutions.	restriction on access
avalon:1229	Access restricted to authorized users and institutions.	restriction on access
avalon:4952	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5454	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5564	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5330	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5424	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5442	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5312	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5040	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5075	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5556	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5462	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5596	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5582	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4936	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5025	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5017	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5428	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5518	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5044	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5480	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5033	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5534	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5092	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5536	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5029	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5586	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5346	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5504	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5470	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5434	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5374	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5400	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5042	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5340	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5508	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5406	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5432	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5322	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5484	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5578	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5368	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4932	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5530	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5356	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5516	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5450	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4926	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5378	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5420	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5382	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5324	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5562	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5334	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5448	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5072	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5544	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5532	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5036	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5588	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5360	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5402	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5416	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5352	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5350	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5584	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5496	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5354	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5478	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5388	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5384	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4944	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5524	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5522	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5592	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5550	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5338	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5370	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5464	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4941	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5570	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5458	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5081	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5398	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5326	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5090	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5506	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5412	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5572	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5436	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5087	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5396	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5380	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5486	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5318	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5410	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5342	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4930	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5546	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5554	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5021	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5422	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5568	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5466	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5538	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5344	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4939	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5100	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5456	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5047	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5362	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5460	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5430	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5494	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5482	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5418	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5594	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5404	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5604	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5574	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5552	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5502	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5358	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5566	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5576	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5472	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5498	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5514	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4934	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5510	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5067	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5414	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5512	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5580	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5310	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5372	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5476	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5468	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5526	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5408	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5540	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5392	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5520	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5390	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5548	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5474	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5314	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5376	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5426	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5490	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5602	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5488	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5590	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5394	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5019	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5316	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5444	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5336	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5348	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5320	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5500	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4948	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5558	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5492	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5542	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5332	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5440	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4946	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5600	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5364	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5438	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4950	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:4923	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5598	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5096	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5386	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5058	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5078	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5560	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5528	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5366	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5107	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note
avalon:5446	This audiovisual content is being provided solely for educational use and research, pursuant to exceptions in the Canadian Copyright Act.  Further reproduction or distribution or other use may require additional permissions	note